do you want to give us the part part one
about who's always not bothered what not
up to me you're employing me I obey your
dictums let's have part 1 part 1 write
the written and spoken did you say
written in red
written in red you say when then write
at all fitler my partner's downfall
written in red by Spike Milligan chapter
1 danke
the first uneventful date in my army
career was the eve of the final
evacuation from Dunkirk when I was sent
to an Opie
at Gally hill to help the cook I had
only been in the army 24 hours when it
happened oh yes it's the print you see I
told you I bring this problem I would
rather call it a day and go and get my
copies of the book and come back
tomorrow
I really would start to strain my eyes a
little bit a fall apart all of them I
pay my manager but fifteen thousand
pounds a year for fuck-ups like this
there we are now we're gonna need the
others tomorrow master for all of them
anyone she hasn't got it wrong we're
talking enough and making it bigger I've
got one at home I'll do the whole job
myself yeah okay yes